I have a new idea for how work could be conducted in the working class. The idea is to create a new kind of job, with which the work of one "employee" is conducted by two parties: a man and a woman. In previous history, this was not feasible for few reasons, primarily because the work demanded by industry was physically laborious. While such work still exists, technical jobs requisite minds, not people.

men do not want to look weak in front of women.

one reason this would prove effective, is that the ego of male humans does not like to be percieved as weak in the eye of females. When working with a loved one, inscentive permits encouragement from the female counterpart in times of increased work.

Divorce

Divorce often occurs as a result of unneccessary rift between two partners. Traditionally, men would leave the house to work, and women would stay at home and perform domestic duties. In public school, boys and girls are taught side by side, and commonalities can be easily formed towards socializaiton. When boys and girls age, and they go to college, this paradigm is broken as specialization of interests becomes the paradigm of optimization. Conversely, in olde-times, a man would marry a women in their hometown whom they have known their whole life, and they would sequentially spend there whole life together happily. There was no need for going out into the world in order to find a partner. The man would handle the dirty work, and the women would optimize domestic utilities.

Art

Buy-and-large, women (for some reason) have neat handwriting, and have much higher aptitute towards drawing when compared to males. Conversely, the woman may make stylistic choices with which they feel unsure of or lack confidence. With the males observance, they can perform VETOs (politely), where the woman would lack the judicicism.

Interleaved Socraticism

Allowing for constant discourse throughout a working experience can pave way for new ideas to later be exerimented with. The notion of "Socratic Seminar" permits the belief, that through dialogue, new questions and ideological frontiers can be exposed, which could not be thought of by one parties sole stream of concioussness. 

Nuclear

The nuclear family is a paradigm where the masculine and feminine energy coexist in symbiosis. the interleaved affect of a man and a woman who love one another leaves both parties feeling whole and a sense of unity.

Divide and Conquor

There are always going to be tasks on the horizon which no one wants to do. Through the employment of this paradigm, both parties can either take turns doing undesirable tasks, or, they can always do them together. If, for example, in a postmodern job, someone is assigned an unwanted task (for whatever reason- beit because they are weak or new or whathaveyou-), their equals are essentially adverserial. If you complete the difficult or messy task, they will undermine or belittle you, conspire against you in any way, shape, or form deemed permissible. In the occurance of events where that work would be passed onto another party because it cannot be feasibly achieved, they will be mad at you, and call you weak and stupid. Conversely, If you successfully fill the quotient opened by the difficult job, the adversarial ego will not provide gratitude, in fear of their own security being compromised in the future. Take this same problem, to be solved by a man and a woman, and the woman will congratulate the man and promote their estheem, provide support where feasible.  

Ultra Concurrency

An employer would probably not like to admit that your job will control nearly every aspect of your life, even though that is more true than not in all cases. In participation in a family or household, the same could be said! If one is perfectly honest with the gravity in which these circumstance bleed into one another, much more can be done concurrently. While she draws the ikea logo in pixel art form, I can prep for dinner, or walk the dog. If for whatever reason, this has any downsides, they can be discussed immediately, and attenuated ad hoc. 

use cases

marketing 
a man provides an argument, outlines the structure of their case
a woman tweaks the structuring ad hoc, provides illustrations
two come together and assess what they like and negotiate on what could change
