lets say something happens, and it has the gravity to make the news- 
like either a public safety concern, or something that you ought be aware of
independent people could report that, and thats also content
it isnt neccessarily a video, or a tweet, or instagram post/tweet-with-picture, or youtube video- these all have a clearly obvious common denominator; they are all just general content, in different form factors. digital videos, text, pictures, in myriad combinations, provided across select platforms. 
it would be benefitial to add a typed filter to each one, where it would be like: this is comedy content, this is a feature length film trailer, this is a videogame promo (the second one for this title), etc.
then, when i go online, i can kinda feel out the vibes of different spheres. 
whats joe rogan saying? whats russel brand saying? (podcast content) whats duncan trussel saying?
comedy- what comedy specials are bleeding edge? maybe from comedians you already are fond of, or maybe just grassroots peer-created experimental stuff.
what video games are coming out soon, but not out yet? then, the categorization- nintendo, first person shooter mmo's, sports games, indy games, etc.
these are my esoteric categories, and there subject to change obviousishly:
tik-tok (post vine) is a subsect, defined by, it must be a  7 second video
youtube: this is a grassroots, user-uploaded video, that, (getting into the niddy griddy,) if you are reuploading a lil uzi song and trying to collect royalties on masters that dont belong to you, your video will get taken down, and you wont be executed from the platform, and we will preserve your dignity and protect you, and not punish you for doing that- it came from a place of entrepeneurial ambition. your royalties will however 67% will get usurped from your bank and moved to the master of the copyright, who also gets to decide if your content should be removed or not. 
instagram-type post: a picture, or a video, with a brief caption, and potentially other accounts tagged, or backlinked, in the description.
reddit: hobbyist leaning, FYI deeper level information, crowd-sourced, specialized by nature, the representative body of something culty, like gamecube lovers, hanna montanna fans, what ever people want it to be, threads
substack, medium: longform text only opinion pieces, appreciate the nuances of things, comments, likes, i guess dislikes can be actually useful
feature length films: pixar, marvel, comedies,
feature length videogames: call of duty, pokemon, animal crossing
seasonal television shows: monk (lol), avatar: the last airbender, dr. who
so all of the media is stored in a blockchain, and it is encrypted. people can use the blockchain as a payment platform, and then get the keys to the content. then, given they have the keys, they can sell the content they got to someone else, who can then sell the content to someone else, who then says f*** it and releases the content for free just out of good will.
when the content is released, it could be set to have the keys change every day, so that the keys to the content are only valid for 24 hours. this would fall pretty analagous to a movie ticket, if you could rewatch a movie as you pleased with the ticket, and then the next day, you cant just re-use the yesterday ticket. just painting the picture to expand on the ideas vetting, you feel me? 
the content could be just public content, unencrypted, at the discretion of the master. what i am describing here is, im now just realizing, a constitutional outline
when someone chooses to upload content, it will cost a tiny bit of currency to post the post to the chain. this will depend on the length of the content in bytes when it is serialized. it will be free, to check how much money it costs to have something uploaded, for sure
the cost of upload will be contingent on the superimposed difficulty of defending the intellectual property of the content- to release a movie with 24h tickets is more expensive than a free public broadcast, and a single flyer post, or a tweet, is much less expensive- essentially costless, less the needed balance to make sure the message has been sent as intended.
to build on the setting, lets say you want your tweets to be private to only people you have vetted to see them, because there a litle racy, or you need a political reprieve or something. the cost to post that private message may need to be expensive, because the encryption needs to meet this permission scheme: be encrypted and visible in encrypted form to all players, only be unencryptable by vetted individuals. if someone who has access to the content tried to share that content verbatim in a reproducable (or not) way to an external audience, they would have to be pruned from the trusted circle, and we would have to always be polling the internal audience to check if they shared the content outside the circle, to act accordingly in real time.
