building out the technocracy

heaven hasn't happened yet: what does it look like?

every person thats scrolling through videos right now- there actually doing work.
unpaid labor, even.
exploited and unpaid labor, evenfartherso.

so every person thats scrolling through videos right now- clips, like post-vine style content, tiktok, instagram stories, snapchat isnt really scrolly ...

all of these people are doing work, they are trying to make themselves laugh, or feel something, anything
some are in there bed, with the lights off.
some are at work, waiting for something to be assigned to them.
some are pooping, (some are peeing)

you get the point

i mentioned that there is an exploitative element to the current exploitation that is actively taking place

imagine, if they were getting paid. one cent for every video.
if they like the video more than others, then they can give it a thumbs up,
if that video was caught early, and unfolds some new dynamic of thought, or is just really funny, then, for giving that video an early thumbs up, the user (player, im going to start referring to them as hereonout, bytheway-) the player gets 10 cents. for watching the video. This (job- the job of consuming media, then rating it on a scale of zero reaction, or stopping the video, to smashing the like button) would, in a better system,  be a function of how well the video performed, crossed with how early the player: a) got to the video and watched it, and b) how early into watching the video they smashed that like button. ba) maybe they could soft tap, tap, or smash the like button, to build more rigorous flexibility into the system. 

so everyone is getting paid to watch videos, but where is the money coming from? just /printing money/  willy-nilly feels like a hack?

they are mining currency.
that is to say, they are creating value, where the value is, exact definition of what the market likes. it is 'potential advertizement', or potential advert.

someone could see, oh, whatsitcalled-old-town-road, is coming back as a meme
lets print tee shirts with the meme on it, and try to sell them to the market, and see if they're buying

ok, there actually buying, someone bought one,
good to know, 
so someone else sees- oh shit, there buying old town road tee shirts, one has sold and the site just went up (im making this up so please bare with me)

they open a second shoppe, and there selling old town road shirts with a second dissentingly popular old town road meme

the original shoppe sees that competition has entered the market, as one person bought the second shoppes shirt: and they have one sale

in fear, the original shoppe adds derivitized merch: a hoodie, and a beanie- no, a beanies hard to make, a tank top.
shoppe two sees shoppe ones deiviation. there doing the beanie.
and so on- 

this is a somewhat quasi-marxist cryptocurrency schematic

in sum, 
singles consume social media, and engage with content they like
engaging with content that goes viral pays homage to earlyset support
engaging in nefarious content cost money
anyone can upload content, and anyone can engage with any content
engaging with nonviral content gets you just like a couple pennies or a modest return
it costs a few pennies to upload content, and it cost a few pennies to send direct messages-
everyone has a bank, or wallet, and they have cash in it and shitcoins and nfts
when content is posted, the master will always collect royalties, on an automatic basis
you can give, trade, or sell royalties to another bank, set royalties dynamically when the content is released

